*Course challenge*

Scenario 1, questions 1-5
You’ve just started a job as a data analyst at a small software company that provides data analytics and business intelligence solutions. Your supervisor asks you to kick off a project with a new client, Athena’s Story, a feminist bookstore. They have four existing locations, and the fifth shop has just opened in your community.
Athena’s Story wants to produce a campaign to generate excitement for an upcoming celebration and introduce the bookstore to the community. They share some data with your team to help make the event as successful as possible.
Your task is to review the assignment and the available data, then present your approach to your supervisor. Click the link below to access the email from your supervisor: 

Question 1:
After reading the email, you notice that the acronym WHM appears in multiple places. You look it up online, and the most common result is web host manager. That doesn’t seem right to you, as it doesn’t fit the context of a feminist bookstore. You email your supervisor to ask. When writing your email, what do you do to ensure it sounds professional? Select all that apply.
Ans:
Read your email aloud before sending to catch any typos or grammatical errors and to ensure the communication is clear.
Use a polite greeting and closing.
Respect your supervisor’s time by writing an email that’s short and to the point.

Question 2:
The quantitative data includes information from which columns? Select all that apply.
Ans:
Column A (Survey Q1: Do you plan to celebrate WHM?) 
Column D (Survey Q4: If answered "Yes" to Q3, how many books do you typically purchase during March?)
Column C (Survey Q3: Do you purchase feminist books in honor of WHM, either for yourself or as a gift for someone else?)

Question 3:
The attribute of column F is, “Survey Q6: What types of books would you like to see more of at Athena's Story?” In order to verify that children’s literature and feminist zines are among the most popular genres, you create a visualization. This will help you clearly identify which genres are most likely to sell well during the Women’s History Month campaign. 
Fill in the blank: The visualization you create demonstrates the percentages of each book genre that make up the total number of survey responses. It’s called a _____ chart.
Ans:
pie

Question 4:
You’re pleased to see that the dataset contains data that’s specific to children’s literature and feminist zines. This will provide you with the information you need to make data-inspired decisions. In addition, the children’s literature and feminist zines metrics will help you organize and analyze the data about each genre in order to determine if they’re likely to be profitable.
Next, you calculate the total sales over 52 weeks for feminist zines. You type =CALCULATE(E2-E53) but get an error. What is the correct syntax? 
Ans:
=SUM(E2:E53)

Question 5:
After familiarizing yourself with the project and available data, you present your approach to your supervisor. You provide a scope of work, which includes important details, a schedule, and information on how you plan to prepare and validate the data. You also share some of your initial results and the pie chart you created. 
In addition, you identify the problem type, or domain, for the data analysis project. You decide that the historical sales data can be used to provide insights into the types of books that will sell best during Women’s History Month this coming year. This will also enable you to determine if Athena’s Story should begin selling more children’s literature and feminist zines.
Using historical data to make informed decisions about how things may be in the future is an example of which problem domain?
Ans:
Making predictions


Scenario 2, questions 6-10
You’ve completed this program and are now interviewing for your first junior data analyst position. You’re hoping to be hired by an event planning company, Patel Events Plus. Access the job description below:
Junior Data Analyst Job Description pdf

So far, you’ve successfully completed the first round of interviews with the human resources manager and director of data and strategy. Now, the vice president of data and strategy wants to learn more about your approach to managing projects and clients. Access the email you receive from the human resources director below: 
Human Resources Director Email pdf

You arrive Thursday at 1:45 PM for your 2 PM interview. Soon, you’re taken into the office of Mila Aronowicz, vice president of data and strategy. After welcoming you, she begins the behavioral interview. 
First, she hands you a copy of Patel Events Plus’s organizational chart. Access the chart below:
Patel Event Plus Org Chart pdf

Question 6:
As you’ve learned in this course, stakeholders are people who invest time, interest, and resources into the projects you’ll be working on as a data analyst. Let’s say you’re working on a project involving data and strategy. Based on what you find in the organizational chart, if you need information from the primary stakeholder, who can you ask?
Ans:
Vice president, data and strategy

Question 7:
Next, the vice president wants to understand your knowledge about asking effective questions. Consider and respond to the following question. Select all that apply.
Let’s say we just completed a big event for a client and wanted to find out if they were satisfied with their experience. Provide some examples of measurable questions that you could include in the customer feedback survey. 
Ans:
On a scale from 1 to 5, with 1 being not at all likely and 5 being very likely, how likely are you to recommend Patel Events Plus?
Would you recommend Patel Events Plus to a colleague or friend? Yes or no?

Question 8:
Now, the vice president presents a situation having to do with resolving challenges and meeting stakeholder expectations. Consider and respond to the following question. Select all that apply.
You’re working with a dataset that the data analytics coordinator should have cleaned, but it turns out that it wasn’t. Your supervisor thought the dataset was ready for use, but you discover nulls, redundant data, and other issues. The project is due in less than two weeks. Which of the following options would be an appropriate approach?
Ans:
Provide your supervisor with a proposed revised timeline. Politely explain that you need some additional time to clean the data.
Email the data analytics coordinator to ask if the two of you can work together to clean the data, as the project is on a tight timeline.
Email your supervisor and the data analytics coordinator to communicate about the issue. Ask if you can meet to come up with a solution.

Question 9:
Your next interview question deals with sharing information with stakeholders. Consider and respond to the following question. Select all that apply.
Let’s say you’ve created a report to present stakeholders with information about an upcoming event. Describe the benefits of using a report.
Ans:
Reports provide a snapshot of high-level, historical data.
Reports reflect data that’s already been cleaned and sorted. 

Question 10:
Then, she asks: Recently, Patel Events Plus purchased a new venue for our events. If we asked you to compare the purchase price (cost) and net profit, what would you be calculating?
Ans:
Return on Investment
