*Weekly challenge 1*

Question 1:
What is the goal of the analysis phase of the data analysis process?
Ans:
To identify trends and relationships in data

Question 2:
During which of the four phases of analysis can you find a correlation between two variables?
Ans:
Transform data

Question 3:
Which of the following actions might occur when transforming data? Select all that apply.
Ans:
Identify a pattern in your data
Recognize relationships in your data
Make calculations based on your data

Question 4:
Fill in the blank: Filtering involves showing only the data that meets a specific _____ while hiding the rest.
Ans:
criteria

Question 5:
A data analyst is sorting spreadsheet data. 
They want to make sure that, when they rearrange the data, data across rows is kept together. 
What technique should they use to sort the data?
Ans:
Sort Sheet

Question 6:
A data analyst sorts a spreadsheet range between cells F19 and G82. 
They sort in ascending order by the second column, Column G. What is the syntax they are using?
Ans:
=SORT(F19:G82, 2, TRUE)

Question 7:
You are querying a database that contains data about music. 
Each musical genre is given an ID number. You are only interested in data related to the genre with ID number 7. 
The genre IDs are listed in the genre_id column. 

You write the SQL query below. Add a WHERE clause that will return only data about the genre with Id number 7.

1   SELECT
2   *
3   FROM
4   track

Who is the composer listed in row 4 of your query result?
Ans:
Caetano Veloso

Question 8:
You are working with a database that contains invoice data about online music purchases. 
You are only interested in invoices sent to customers located in the city of Delhi. 
You want to sort the invoices by order total in ascending order. The order totals are listed in the total column. 

You write the SQL query below. Add an ORDER BY clause that will sort the invoices by order total in ascending order.

1   SELECT
2   *
3   FROM
4   invoice
5   WHERE
6   billing_city = "Delhi"

What total appears in row 4 of your query result?
Ans:
3.96
