*Weekly challenge 4*

Question 1:
Fill in the blank: A data analytics team is working on a project to measure the success of a company’s new financial strategy. 
The vice president of finance is most likely to be the _____. 
Ans:
primary stakeholder

Question 2:
At an online marketplace, the _____ includes anyone in an organization who interacts with current or potential shoppers.
Ans:
customer-facing team

Question 3:
To communicate clearly with stakeholders and team members, there are four key questions data analysts ask themselves. One of them is: 
What does my audience need to know? Identify the remaining three questions. Select all that apply.
Ans:
What does my audience already know?
How can I communicate effectively to my audience?
Who is my audience?

Question 4:
Data analysts pay attention to sample size in order to achieve what goals? Select all that apply.
Ans:
To make sure the data represents a diverse set of perspectives
To avoid a small sample size leading to inaccurate judgements

Question 5:
A data analyst feels overworked. They often stay late to finish work, and have started missing deadlines. 
Their supervisor emails them another project to complete, and this causes the analyst even more stress. 
How should they handle this situation?
Ans:
Wait a few minutes to think it over, then respond with a meeting request to discuss this project and the general workload.

Question 6:
Arriving at meetings prepared is an important part of creating a professional work environment. 
This involves which of the following actions? Select all that apply.
Ans:
Bringing materials to take notes with
Considering what questions you may be asked so you’re prepared to answer
Reading the meeting agenda ahead of time

Question 7:
A data analyst joins an online meeting on time. After reviewing the agenda, they see that their project comes at the very end. 
They’re extremely busy and can use this time to stay on top of their current projects. How should they proceed?
Ans:
Stay focused and attentive during the entire meeting. 
Even though some items on the agenda don’t affect their projects, they could still learn something or have something to contribute.

Question 8:
Conflict is a natural part of working on a team. 
What are some ways to help shift a situation from problematic to productive? Select all that apply.
Ans:
Ask for a conversation to help you better understand the big picture.
Reframe the question by asking, “How can I help?”
Take a moment to check your emotions before engaging in an argument.
