*Weekly challenge 3*

Question 1:
Data analysts choose SQL for which of the following reasons? Select all that apply. 
Ans:
SQL is a well-known standard in the professional community
SQL can handle huge amounts of data 

Question 2:
In which of the following situations would a data analyst use spreadsheets instead of SQL? Select all that apply. 
Ans:
When working with a small dataset
When visually inspecting data 

Question 3:
A data analyst runs a SQL query to extract some data from a database for further analysis. 
How can the analyst save the data? Select all that apply. 
Ans:
Create a new table for the data.
Download the data as a spreadsheet. 

Question 4:
You are working with a database table that contains invoice data. 
The table includes columns for invoice_id and billing_state. 
You want to remove duplicate entries for billing state and sort the results by invoice ID. 

You write the SQL query below. 
Add a DISTINCT clause that will remove duplicate entries from the billing_state column. 

NOTE: The three dots (...) indicate where to add the clause.

1   SELECT DISTINCT billing_state
2   FROM
3   invoice
4   ORDER BY
5   invoice_id

What billing state appears in row 17 of your query result?
Ans:
AZ

Question 5:
You are working with a database table that contains customer data. 
The table includes columns about customer location such as city, state, country, and postal_code. 
You want to check for postal codes that are greater than 7 characters long. 

You write the SQL query below. Add a LENGTH function that will return any postal codes that are greater than 7 characters long.

1   SELECT 
2   last_name
3   FROM
4   customer
5   WHERE
6   LENGTH(postal_code)>7

What is the last name of the customer that appears in row 10 of your query result?
Ans:
Hughes 

Question 6:
A data analyst is cleaning transportation data for a ride-share company. 
The analyst converts the data on ride duration from text strings to floats. 
What does this scenario describe? 
Ans:
Typecasting 

Question 7:
A data analyst is working with product sales data. They import new data into a database. 
The database recognizes the data for product price as text strings. 
What SQL function can the analyst use to convert text strings to floats? 
Ans:
CAST

Question 8:
Fill in the blank: The _____ function can be used to return non-null values in a list.
Ans:
COALESCE

Question 9:
You are working with a database table that contains invoice data. 
The table includes columns about billing location such as billing_city, billing_state, and billing_country. 
You want to retrieve the first 4 letters of each city name. 
You decide to use the SUBSTR function to retrieve the first 4 letters of each city name, and use the AS command to store the result in a new column called new_city. 

You write the SQL query below. 
Add a statement to your SQL query that will retrieve the first 4 letters of each city name and store the result in a new column as new_city. 

NOTE: The three dots (...) indicate where to add the statement.

1   SELECT
2   invoice_id,
3   SUBSTR(billing_city,1,4) AS new_city
4   FROM
5   invoice
6   ORDER BY
7   billing_city

What invoice ID number appears in row 7 of your query result? 
Ans:
390
