*Weekly challenge 1*

Question 1:
Structured thinking involves recognizing the current problem or situation you’re facing and identifying your options.
Ans: 
True

Question 2:
A data analyst creates data visualizations and a slideshow. Which phase of the data analysis process does this describe?
Ans: 
Share

Question 3:
If a cooking supply store wants to attract more customers, where can they advertise to better reach their target audience? Select all that apply.
Ans: 
At a bus stop near a local culinary school
On a podcast for foodies
On TV during the season finale of The Best Chef in the Universe 

Question 4:
A data analyst is working for a local power company. Recently, many new apartments have been built in the community, so the company wants to 
determine how much electricity it needs to produce for the new residents in the future. A data analyst uses data to help the company make a 
more informed forecast. This is an example of which problem type?
Ans: 
Making predictions

Question 5:
Describe the key difference between the problem types of categorizing things and identifying themes.
Ans:
Categorizing things involves assigning items to categories. Identifying themes takes those categories 
a step further, grouping them into broader themes.

Question 6:
Which of the following examples are vague questions? Select all that apply.
Ans: 
What’s the best place to purchase the things we need?
Who was the greatest of all time?
Do you generally prefer hot or cold?

Question 7:
The question, “Why was the Monday afternoon yoga class successful?” is not measurable. 
Which of the following questions presents a measurable way to learn about the yoga class?
Ans:
How many customers responded to our half-price yoga promotion?

Question 8: 
Which of the following questions make assumptions? Select all that apply.
Ans: 
It must be frustrating waiting on hold for so long, right?
Keeping employees engaged is important, isn’t it?
Wouldn’t you agree that product A is better than product B?
