*Weekly challenge 3*

Question 1
In data analytics, what is data aggregation?

The process of gathering data from multiple sources and combining it into a single, summarized collection.
The process of modifying data in order to make it suitable for analysis.
The process of moving certain data points to a higher rank or position.
The process of ensuring a company’s data is properly stored, managed, and maintained. 

Ans: The process of gathering data from multiple sources and combining it into a single, summarized collection.

Question 2:
A data analyst wants to be sure all of the numbers in a spreadsheet are numeric. 
What function should they use to convert text to numeric values? 

PROCESS
EXCHANGE
VALUE
CONVERT

Ans: VALUE

Question 3:
When using VLOOKUP, there are some common limitations that data analysts should be aware of. 
One of these limitations is that VLOOKUP only returns the first match it finds, even if there are many possible matches within the column.

True
False

Ans: True

Question 4:
Fill in the blank: When writing a function, a data analyst wraps a table array in dollar signs. 
This is an _____ , which is used to lock the array so rows and columns don’t change if the function is copied. 

accurate reference
absolute reference
arbitrary reference 
authentic reference

Ans: absolute reference

Question 5:
The following is a selection from a spreadsheet:

To search for the population of Pakistan, what is the correct VLOOKUP syntax? 

=VLOOKUP("Pakistan", A2:B10, 3, false)
=VLOOKUP(Pakistan, A2*B10, 2, false)
=VLOOKUP("Pakistan", A2:B10, 2, false)
=VLOOKUP(Pakistan, A2:B10, 3, false)

Ans: =VLOOKUP("Pakistan", A2:B10, 2, false)

Question 6:
When creating a SQL query, which JOIN clause returns only records with matching values in two or more database tables?

LEFT
INNER
OUTER
RIGHT

Ans: INNER

Question 7:
The COUNT DISTINCT function includes repeating values when returning values in a specified range. 

True
False

Ans: False

Question 8:
When working with subqueries, which part of the query segment executes first? 

The larger query
The smaller query
The outer query
The inner query 

Ans: The inner query 
